at a time when America was ready to
party look if you really want to score I
got the guy
i don't-nickel-and-dime want it or not
we'll take it
you know what money can make with this
stuff back east one man knew just what
to do about it seems really risky Eric
she's a stewardess they don't check him
things I need more I need more can't
believe we're stealin a plane how much
we need I can't feel my face senior
squad wants to see you
we're going into business together one
to start right away how much bigger can
we get
sky's the limit three million I counted
it twice 2.5 I'm sure where do I put it
try the clothes it we're gonna need a
bigger boat
hello you know I'm George I know who you
are
they already tunnel I'm great at what I
do that I mean I'm really great at what
I do let me tell you something George
you have been great at anything anything
I bring you in this is how you pay me
back this is business
who introduced you to Pablo Escobar huh
take it easy George
you have a daughter now hey kitty cat
split up
so this is it
[Music]